My clients wants to perform validation and has set the following rules:
1. Letter Head:
   1. The Company name is "Genius HRTech Limited" and is reflected,
   2. The Former company name is "(Formerly known as Genius Consultants Limited)" and is in a single line,
   3. The GSTIN is reflected,
   4. The Email ID and website is up to date,
   5. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   6. There is no spelling error,
   7. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines.
2. Tax Invoice:
   1. The exact text "TAX INVOICE" is in bold and reflected,
   2. PAN No and TAN No is reflected,
   3. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   4. There is no spelling error,
   5. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines.
3. Bill To details:
   1. The Client details such as Company name, Address, GSTIN, PAN No, TAN No, Place of Supply and IRN No are reflected,
   2. The IRN No is in a single line,
   3. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   4. There is no spelling error,
   5. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines,
   6. The details are aligned within the designated box.
4. Invoice Details:
   1. The date is present and in the format "DD MM YYYY" (Example: 08 Sep 2025),
   2. The Invoice ID is reflected,
   3. The Service month is reflected,
   4. The LOWER TDS Cert. No. is reflected,
   5. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   6. There is no spelling error,
   7. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines,
   8. The details are aligned within the designated box.
5. Resource & Bill details:
   1. The fields Sl. No., Resource name, HSN/SAC, PO No., Bill Rate, Ericsson Invoice, Code, Taxable Value, CGST, SGST, IGST and Total INR are reflected,
   2. The fields Sl. No., Resource name, HSN/SAC, PO No., Bill Rate, Ericsson Invoice, Code, Taxable Value, CGST, SGST, IGST and Total INR are not overlapping with table borders,
   3. The calculation for Total INR is correct,
   4. The "Total Invoice Value (In Words)" is correct (Example: For Total INR 4250.00, the Total Invoice Value (In Words) must be Rupees Four Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and Paisa Only) and is reflected,
   5. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   6. There is no spelling error,
   7. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines.
6. Note:
   1. The Note is as per requirements,
   2. The font and font size are same across all the details,
   3. There is no spelling error,
   4. There is no unwanted spaces between words and lines,
   5. The details are aligned within the designated box.
7. Beneficiary Details:
   1. The exact text "Bank details for money transfer as follows" is bold and reflected,
   2. The Beneficiary details such as Beneficiary name, IFSC Code, Bank name, MICR Code, Address and Country are reflected,
   3. The sections "Reverse Charge" and "Authorised Signatory" are reflected.
8. QR Code:
   1. The QR Code is reflected and is within the designated borders.
9. Digital Signature:
   1. The Digital Signature is reflected and is within the designated borders.
